♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase, ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job is too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Ryder] "Pups and the Pirate Treasure."
[sirens blaring]
Ryder, I found the boulders
Rocky was talking about!
They really do look like a parrot!
That's great, Skye! Any sign of a map?
Hang on, I'll have a look!
[eagle screams]
-What's that?
-[eagle screams]
Uh-oh, the giant eagle!
He's not looking at me.
[gasps]
It's after that little bunny!
[barks] Wings!
This pup's gotta fly!
[howls]
[screams]
Catch me if you can!
Run, bunny, run!
[screams]
Yikes!
-Fly, Skye, fly!
-[screams]
Whoa! Oh! Whoa!
[screams]
[barks] I did it!
Great job, Skye.
Aw, thanks, Ryder!
Now, let's see if we can find that map!
[sniffing]
Didn't the clue say
"in the parrot's beak"?
Is that the map, Skye?
[Skye] It's another bottle!
Maybe a piece of the map is inside!
[grunts]
Ah!
Ryder, look out below!
Got it!
There's more map in here.
[Rubble] Does X mark the treasure spot?
Does it? Does it?
No X.
[all] Aw!
The clue said there are
three pieces, remember?
Rocky, tape!
Coming up! [barks] Tape!
[Ryder] Perfect!
It is part of the map,
and there's another clue!
"From atop Parrot Rock,
look toward the sea.
A clue hides
in the hollow of a very big tree."
If we can solve that clue,
we should find the treasure.
[all barking]
But there are a lot of big trees
in Adventure Bay.
The biggest trees around are
in the forest where Little Hootie lives.
Good thinking, Chase.
Then, let's go check them out!
Argh! We're gonna find some treasure!
Hey, wait for me!
These trees are huge!
And lots of them have knotholes.
I'm going to the find
the rest of Captain Blackfur's map! Argh!
[sniffs]
Ooh, ooh, yuck!
Uh, Rubble, don't you mean "argh"?
Nope!
Yuck, yuck, yuck! Spider!
[giggles]
[barks] Spider tool!
No clues in there,
just a family of spiders.
Ew, spider cooties!
Ah-choo! [grunts]
Not in there, either.
Just dust.
[chuckles]
[sirens blare]
How's it going?
We're up to our tails in trees!
[hoots]
Hi, Little Hootie!
Have you seen an old bottle
in the knothole of any of these trees?
[hoots]
-Little Hootie says it's in there.
-[Marshall] I'm on it!
[siren blares]
[barks] Ladder!
Here I come!
Yes, Little Hootie was right!
[all cheer]
Thanks, Little Hootie.
See you soon!
[hoots]
Bye!
Whoa! Whoa! [grunts]
[gasps]
I caught it!
Nice catch too, Ryder.
[both laugh]
Nice job, Marshall!
What is it? What is it?
If this is the third piece of the map,
it should fit with the second piece.
I've got it, Ryder!
[barks] Tape!
Thanks, Rocky!
Now we have the whole map.
And guess what else is on here?
X! X marks the spot!
Whoo-hoo!
I mean, argh!
Let's find the pirate treasure!
[all laugh]
First I have to read the clue.
"Walk 20 paces from the tree,
toward setting sun and rising sea."
What's that mean?
Well, the sun sets that way, over the sea.
So, I walk 20 steps in that direction.
And we'll find the treasure!
Here it goes.
One, two, three, four, five,
six, seven, eight, nine--
Whoa! [gasps]
Whoa doesn't come after nine. Ten does.
If I took step ten,
I'd fall right into the ocean.
Oh, the map must be wrong.
Or the pirates took teeny, tiny steps.
One, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10,
11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17-- [grunts]
Whoa!
[grunts]
Close one.
Sorry, I got twinkle-toed away.
There's something out there,
but it's hard to see
with all the fog in the way.
Do you think it's
mysterious Captain Blackfur's old ship?
Let's find out!
[barks] Wings!
It's a pirate ship for sure, Ryder!
I can see the flag!
Can we go see if there's treasure on it?
That old ship is falling apart.
It's not safe.
We need to get it on land, fast,
before the tide comes in
and the waves break it into pieces.
Argh, then let's bring 'er in!
The ship's pretty big,
but if we all work together,
maybe we can do it.
[all cheer]
The channel is done!
Now, we can drag the boat
right up the beach.
My forklift is set!
Winch is ready when Ryder is!
All set!
That's my signal!
-[barks] Winch on!
-[beeps]
-We did it!
-It's working!
How's it look up there, Skye?
Steady as she goes!
Whoa!
Look at the anchor chain.
The anchor must be caught!
Something's wrong.
Let's see if we can free that anchor.
[chain rattles]
[barks]
They got it free! Yes!
Here comes the ship!
[all howling]
Look, it's like she's sailing again!
Want to take a ride?
Let's do it!
Ahoy, land-lubbers! It's Captain Blackfur!
[cheering]
Yay!
[clears throat]
As mayor of Adventure Bay,
I am thrilled and proud to play
such a very, very, very important part
in solving the mystery
of the pirate Captain Blackfur!
-[clucks]
-[all laugh]
Okay, everyone,
let's see what's in the ship.
[all barking]
Marshall, put up your ladder!
Aye-aye, Ryder.
Cap'n Turbot, can you give me a hand?
Sure thing, Ryder!
Let's go!
[barks]
-Hooray!
-Wahoo!
[all cheering]
Argh! I can't wait!
Me neither!
What do you think the treasure could be?
[both grunt]
Wow!
-A real treasure!
-Pirate booty!
-Thanks, Cap'n.
-Thank you for saving me from that cave!
Whenever there's a problem, just yelp,
or argh, for help.
[both laugh]
-Yeah, open it, Ryder!
-Open it!
Yeah, let's see what's inside!
[grunts]
Sorry, it's locked.
I've got this! [barks]
[creaks]
Awesome!
-Wow!
-Whoa!
-Awesome!
-Cool!
A gold dog bone!
Cool!
Ah, not good for chewing, though.
A super fancy dog bowl!
This must have belonged
to a super fancy pup.
Why would a pirate captain
have a dog bowl?
Maybe mysterious Captain Blackfur
had a faithful pup!
No, that's why!
Look!
This is the mysterious Captain Blackfur?
It's not that the captain
had a pirate pup.
-The captain was a pirate pup!
-[all gasp]
He looks just like me,
except for the black fur beard.
Oh, wait, wait! This paper contains a
prominent pronouncement of the pirate pup.
"He who finds this chest
my pirate command obey,
and return this treasure
to the good people of Adventure Bay!"
Like you!
You're all good,
every last pirate pup of you!
Argh!
Ahoy, land-lubbers!
[all laughing]
♪ Argh! ♪
♪ You're all good pups ♪
♪ And you saved the day ♪
♪ Now it's time to play
'Round Adventure Bay ♪
-Huh?
-♪ Yo-ho-ho-ho, yo-ho ♪
♪ Yo-ho-ho, yo-ho ♪
Argh, shiver me timbers!
[both laugh]
[theme song playing]